we've been riding for three hours when
finally our patience is rewarded come
here Charlie can take my reins yeah it
could be exactly what we're looking for
time to get off and investigate
something out code the water has been
stirred up by our horses so everyone has
their eyes peeled for the smallest
movements especially underfoot just as
we're about to give up my foot hits
something hard
that was a caiman and I've just been
given a really nasty bite yes it just
goes to show that with all the knowledge
and planning in the world there's always
a risk involved when working with wild
animals oh dear
and I've just had one of my first nasty
bites from an animal just trodden on a
caiman here and it's a whip-round and
taking a good chunk out of my leg and so
unfortunately anaconda hunting is off
for the rest of the day I'm a little
shaken that okay most importantly after
a crocodile bite I have to get my cuts
properly disinfected so it's off to the
local doctor but our snake hunt
certainly isn't over